[Music]
so just to be clear this
is real you are actually
actually started changing your life i
demoted the
gentleman i was living with to uh
housemate um
yeah and i'm now going and moving to
florida
and i'm going to open uh a clinic i'm
going to
open a uh have you said this publicly
i've missed this i have it was in the
new york post a couple weeks ago but uh
people are too scared to talk about it
unlike a lot of a lot of a lot of gay
people or
or people with these tendencies who try
to go into reparative therapy
or who try to change their lives a lot
of them are people who have had very
unsatisfactory sex lives because they've
been held back by
feelings of you know inadequacy or shame
or they've been you know
overweight and not got the sex partners
they wanted
i've been very handsome and very
desirable my whole life
so i've never had a problem finding
i'm just trying to tell you my story
[Music]
why don't you just make it like straight
lessons you guys can like instruct me in
the ways i have some work to do on my
mannerisms um
that my lifestyle at least is is now uh
becoming more congruent with
with garden with my faith and all the
rest of it and i have now achieved
something that i thought was
impossible i've become a straight white
male if i wasn't committed
i wouldn't be in polyester for a start
yeah um i wouldn't be drinking
becks she was drinking a bag you do look
like you you're dressed as a straight
guy for halloween
he's like i need a ford hat a tommy hill
bigger shirt
get some glue on chest hair i took the
jewelry off i got
one cross i'm like i'm doing the best i
can i'm not even jewish anymore i grew
up my hillbilly
hair i'm actually doing something quite
revolutionary
and difficult which is i'm trying to
like re-virginize myself
so uh yesterday i did some star wars
lego oh no um
i've never had a problem finding sexual
partners and i've had
lots of lots of them and it's interfaced
with other
addictions and compulsions and
dependencies and diversions in my life
so i guess this brings up a question do
you ever foresee yourself
um finding a wife and having a family
it's asking a lot well sure
know people who were where i am now
who were here 20 years
years ago and who now have children and
a wife and a very happy
which is very inspirational to me
but for want of a better expression they
weren't quite such enthusiastic
homosexuals to begin with
uh as to whether i you will see a
beautiful latina and lots of little
little
latinopolises you know yeah um
by my side at an awards ceremony in 20
years who knows but
i yeah i certainly hope so i'll be
honest with you right now the prospect
is not
exciting to me well is it physically or
otherwise
it needn't be and look i just want to be
clear that it really makes no difference
you're open to what god's plan is for
you and as he
heals you as he heals all of us we
change and
our affections change one of the ways
you know that um uh
gay as a choice is um and not you're not
born this way is there are some factors
that are fairly reliable indicators of
whether somebody will end up being gay
okay absent fathers and overbearing
mothers are a really reliable indicator
someone's going to be gay which
i think explains why there are so many
you think that's part of the recipe
yeah so which explains why there are so
many black and jewish homosexuals
right um absent fathers and overbearing
mothers i had absent father mother was
not overbearing though
there you go i had absolutely my mom was
young that was very young
so you got the hair color but not the
full dick sucking yes
was my father absent he was murdered he
was stabbed you know that's not like you
absent
it's not illegal to offer electroshock
therapy so we'll just call it the pence
pathway and we'll uh
you know i'm being silly but my
aspiration is to start with one place in
florida where people can come for
residential treatment i'm not a
clinician obviously i'm
going through this journey myself one of
the things i can do is help put
money together with expertise together
with a bit of pr and
you know whatever and and and you know
mix it all together and normally it
thinks things turn out well
and my my goal with it would be just to
to
to make something a little bit i guess
like planned parenthood in the sense
that
not selling baby parts obviously but but
in the sense that
we'll do some clinical work but we'll
also publish some research and we'll
also do lots of
public relations and i can build an
auditorium and and give speeches again
at last
lesbian is not a thing there are no
lesbians i mean women have very
malleable sexualities
and um so occasionally a woman will
there's probably like five people who
are actual real lesbians probably tammy
bruce and
camille parley and they're the only ones
um but they're every
every other woman is kind of wandering
backwards and forwards between men and
women in their life and everybody who
knows a lesbian knows that's true
the nature of female sexuality is
completely different okay
i mean i didn't mean to go down that
that rabbit trail i i'm just making a
larger point
that that narrative of someone switching
and being no sure but it's different
right
you would expect a woman to go backwards
and forwards and they all do
but male homosexuality seems to be a bit
more sticky
right when when a man gets stuck into
these
habits these these uh behaviors he tends
not to come back out of it again on the
whole
so on those rare occasions you're right
of course you know yes yes the media
covers all this stuff up doesn't fit the
narrative we know that
on the rare occasion that a man
flips back or aims to get themselves out
of a
sinful and self-destructive
way of life that's something we really
ought to celebrate
and see i'm not bothered that people
talk about whether people talk about
lesbians going backwards and forwards
because they do that their whole life
it's not news it's not news when any of
them do it but it is news when a man
does it
and we ought to make as much of an
effort as we can
to fight the enforced you know the
omerta of the mainstream media
when it comes to men who are seeking to
find their way out of this lifestyle
because when a man does it's a big deal
and it doesn't happen very often
i wish it did and i hope to i hope to be
part of making it happen more often the
reason you're able to do
what you do specifically this idea of
opening up this clinic
in florida is because you have courage
and that is what is lacking in the
leadership class
certainly in corporate leadership but
also in political leadership apart from
trump and a handful
of people there there is no willingness
to go against whatever cultural norms
were invented five minutes ago
i don't perceive it that way in myself i
just i've always been aware that i
had a responsibility because i had
certain gifts to serve if i could you're
also humble which is good
well yeah now that you're not jewish
or gay i feel like you were just a nazi
when did i i don't know how i feel about
blessings
[Music]
as a general rule in this life if you
have a friend
if you have a colleague if you have a
co-worker if you just met someone on the
internet the other day
for the first time and they tell you
that they're gay
don't question it don't talk back don't
ask for their credentials don't ask them
to prove it to you that they're gay
just just warmly accept it and proceed
to treat them
as gay and you know what if you go and
you scroll down their timeline if you go
when you check their instagram and you
go and you
check their facebook you might find
evidence
of some members of the opposite sex they
used to be involved with if it's a gay
man
you might find they used to date a
straight woman you might say hey
i'm i'm friends with that ex girlfriend
of yours and if it's a lesbian
there might be some men in their past
there might even be some people
of the opposite sex they've had sex with
this week
and it's still on their twitter timeline
or it's still thursday
or you know you within six degrees of
separation there may be strange
and contradictory things about their
claims to being gay
or their claims to being straight and
you know what
you should just do them the courtesy you
should just extend to them
the privilege if they say that they're
gay
you're not going to question it you're
going to treat it as a solid fact
99.9 percent of the time
it's easy to live by this principle and
once in a long
while it's not so easy it's a bit of a
challenge i had an interview
a few months ago with a youtuber called
frank tufano we talked about his crazy
beliefs about politics
and science and he doesn't believe in
the theory of evolution
it was an interesting uh clash of
civilizations this interview i had with
him
and one of the things you're going to
find out about frank stefano if you put
his name
into google is that he says he's
straight
and a lot of people on the internet say
that he's gay and a lot of people
ridicule him for that and insult him and
they say they have the photographs to
prove it
they have videotaped to prove it
i did not insult him that way
even once i didn't ask him one question
with the slightest double antoner in it
he
chooses to say that he's straight
i'm aware that there is evidence on the
internet
of him having passed sexual relations
with men all right and i treated him
completely warmly and completely
sincerely as a straight man
we did we talked a little bit about some
of the women he had a crush on in some
of his
some aspects of his romantic life such
as they came up in the conversation
in that interview i was not going to
insult him
by cross-examining his claims to being
straight i was not going to confront him
with
the fact other people try to humiliate
him by pointing out the extent to which
he has a history of being
bisexual or gay okay so 99
percent of the time it's real easy
to live by this principle the truth is
there are people out there who don't
know yet
if they are straight or if they're gay
and you have to treat them with
courtesy at every single stage of that
process
you cannot act as if you know better
than they do
even if you do so sometimes
you might have it figured out before
they do and you know what
it's not your place it's not your place
itself it's not your place to preempt
their process of self-discovery
most of the time easy to live by if
you've known a lot of feminists
if you've known a lot of women who are
part of women's rights movements
in any english speaking culture in the
western world you will have known
some women some who were heterosexual
and got caught up in the intellectual
and political climate
of a woman's feminist movement and they
started to think
maybe they were gay they started to
think hey this is great they suddenly
have a whole new circle of friends
they joined this movement with a mix of
aspirations to make the world a better
place
maybe to engage in some kind of
hard-hitting critique or analysis of
what's wrong
with western civilization or capitalism
or patriarchy or what have you
and maybe maybe just maybe sometimes
some of these heterosexual women have
had bad experiences with men in the past
and they're interested in analyzing that
and maybe there's a little bit of a
sense of wanting revenge
against an ex-boyfriend or an ex-husband
or their own father or grandfather or
whatever their story
sometimes not all the time okay
and up to a certain point they think
hey maybe i can make this work there are
now these women around me who are
variously lesbian and bisexual
and i like them and they like me and
some point they hit a wall where they
realize
no being colleagues
being political comrades being
intellectual
equals and friends and all the
conviviality and cooperation
that's wonderful that's great but
there's something
innate and intrinsic that differentiates
them from me
that you just can't fake one of the most
interesting aspects of this is
hearing it from the other side if you
hear it
from the women who are gay the women who
are lesbian or really are
bisexual when they make the effort of
kind of
bringing in a heterosexual woman to the
community maybe that maybe the
heterosexual woman doesn't say she said
or maybe she says she's bisexual or
lesbian or curious or doesn't want to
try
and then how they feel because a lot of
the time
they were optimistic like oh great
they've got this new colleague they've
got this new friend and
maybe it's going to be romantic and
maybe it's been a girlfriend and then
they put themselves in that situation
where they hit that wall and realize
no all my optimism was misplaced
i was overlooking or ignoring the extent
to which there's
to which this person isn't just
different from me
but they will never really be able to
sympathize
they will never really be able to
understand
what life is like for us that there's
actually an
unbridgeable gap there's a kind of
alienation there
there's a limit even to how far empathy
can go
now in our culture you pretty much never
hear about
a heterosexual young man who just gets
so interested in being a hairdresser or
involved in musical theater or modern
dance
or the fashion industry that he starts
to think that he's gay
almost never right but that really just
reflects
the depth of homophobia in our society
the fact that it's
a much higher hurdle to go over that the
inhibition is much greater
if you're living in a culture that is
more accepting of male homosexuality
like thailand or thailand or have you
heard of thailand
there aren't that many cultures around
the world that are accepting
homosexuality
but if it's thailand yeah there are
going to be men who have a parallel
process of
figuring out that they're straight
partly because they tried to be gay
in some kind of subculture if not in a
macro culture
that's really kind of warm and
encouraging or they happen to be
surrounded by friends all of whom are
gay
blah blah blah blah parallel path
admittedly none of these things apply
to milo yiannopoulos
milo yiannopoulos is not a heterosexual
man
who started living within a gay
subculture that was so warm
and so accepting that he started to
think that he also might be gay
milo yiannopoulos really is not even
ex-gay
his ideological position is to claim
that homosexuality as such
does not exist
and he then wants to argue that the
people who think that they're homosexual
in fact have a kind of illness and he is
now going to collect millions of dollars
to open a clinic because he claims this
is an illness
he can help to cure all right
in confronting the ex-gay
movement in confronting the gay
reparative therapy
movement or gender realignment or we
want to call it here
in confronting this approach that
many fundamentalist christians
now try to make money out of to be blind
it's very easy to leap to the question
of efficacy it's
very easy to jump to the stage of
argument of insisting and saying
but it doesn't work it can't work it
never works
all right and what you're skipping over
is the most important part
philosophically politically personally
and
every other way which is guess what guys
even if it does work
it's the wrong solution to your problem
that's my position this kind of therapy
he's talking about
none of us can say none of us are in a
position to say
ever that it doesn't work and it's
because of that first principle
interests you
if i had a friend who said much more
sincerely than milo
is doing that he tried being gay for a
few years and he didn't like it it
didn't work out for him
so now he's gonna try to be straight and
get a wife and kid and let's just say
there's no religious baggage and there's
nothing else involved okay
what position do you think i'm in and
again
it doesn't matter if there are instagram
photographs on the internet it doesn't
matter if this guy
had an only fans or an account on a porn
website and was uploading
videos of himself engaged in gay sex act
there is no evidence there is no
arbiter there is no judge but he himself
if he has chosen
really sincerely in his own mind if he
has decided that he's fed up
with being gay and he's gonna try to be
straight right who am i who are any of
us
to say no you're wrong i
veto your decision like my judgment is
better
than yours about your sexuality none of
us are
all right like i said 99.9 of the time
it's easy to live by that principle once
in a while
okay and some of you in the audience
will be in this kind of situation with a
friend or a colleague
a relative someone who decides to be
ex-gay and most likely it will be
because of religious guilt or you know
they feel they had an epiphany or
some kind of bizarre sense
of supernatural quest but regardless
think of the position you're in you're
not in a position to say to them
no you're not you don't feel that way
you're not trying
sadly you are in the position of having
to step back
and say hey this ultimately is about
your journey of self-discovery and i'm
out here in the cheap seats i'm out here
i'm a
i'm a distant spectator i'm never gonna
know how you feel i'm never gonna know
what you desire when you sit down with a
catalog
a clothing catalog and you're leafing
through that
are you once in a while turned on by the
photographs of the guys
or the girls or is it both all right
that i can't read your mind
there's and you know what even if i can
read your mind because you might have
some real close friends with no no no
no no no brad i've sat next to brad when
we were flipping through that close
catalog
and i was looking at the clothes and
brad was looking at the dudes i could
tell
right you you might feel that you know
brad
better than brad no you might feel
certain and it's still not your place
it's still not appropriate you gotta
live by that principle
where you let him decide you let him
discover it for himself
okay ultimately
you can change your behavior a straight
woman
can choose to live as if
she's a lesbian a straight man
behaviorally
can choose to live as if he's gay and
vice versa
right the problem is precise that we're
talking about something that's that's
deeper
that's more fundamental it's more
profound than behavior we're talking
about something
that's part of the desire that comes
before
that behavior right on the level of
instinct something as
raw and immediate and irrational
as how you respond to the sight of a
spider
crawling on a wall or a snake
winding its way through the grass in
that first split second before you've
even had time to think through the word
snake or spider
on that level of instinct
are you gay and are you straight and
then once you have those feelings
you know what are you going to do with
them
the tragedy of milo yiannopoulos
is not that his crazy reparative
therapy can't work
it's that it's the wrong solution to the
wrong problem
okay because milo
is not looking for someone to show him
how he can have a wife
and a child and live as a heterosexual
man
he's looking for someone to show him the
way
to god
he's looking for someone to show him the
way to a meaningful life
and to a kind of afterlife a kind of
absolution
a kind of immortality a kind of moral
certainty that i stopped believing in
maybe when i was four years old right
he wants something that is as
self-contradictory and impossible to
have
and unattainable as a square circle
as hot ice
and to get it he's going to convince
himself
he's going to need to believe
that he's heterosexual
for a gay man to believe that he's
straight
is much easier than living in a godless
world
and believing that it's the creation of
god
the only cure for milo yiannopoulos
is atheism the only way out of the cage
he's built for himself
it's not for him to rediscover that he's
gay it's not for him to start believing
again that being a homosexual is a
biologically normal thing
homosexuals should have rights that it's
not a sickness etc etc
the way out of the cage
is for him to believe in nothing
at all
[Music]
maybe we can we can practice
yes